c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\Mad_Head_Puzzle.exe
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\Mad_Head_Puzzle.pdb
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Adapter.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Box2D.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Common.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Components.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Framework.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.ImageEffects.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Materials.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.Desktop.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.Mathematics.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\NAudio.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.DirectInput.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Box2DSharp.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Physics.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Bepu.dll
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Adapter.xml
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Box2D.xml
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Common.xml
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Framework.xml
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Components.xml
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Materials.xml
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.ImageEffects.xml
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\bin\AnyCPU\Release\WaveEngine.Physics.xml
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\obj\Release\Mad_Head_Puzzle.exe
c:\Users\Milos\Documents\Wave Engine\puzzle\puzzle\Launchers\Windows\obj\Release\Mad_Head_Puzzle.pdb
